Allow for a fixed label offset (#5320)
GenericMappingTools/gmt: doc/rst/source/gmt.conf.rst

        [default is :doc:`theme dependent <theme-settings>`]. Choose **auto** for
        :ref:`automatic scaling with plot size <auto-scaling>`.

    **MAP_LABEL_MODE**
        Determines from where the label offset is measured: Choose **annot**
        to mean the distance from the end of the annotation or **axis**
        to mean the distance from the axis.  To set separate modes for the

>         *x* and *y* axes, separate modes by a slash [annot/annot]. Choose **axis**
>         if you need to align multiple axes labels across many rows or columns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        *x* and *y* axes, separate modes by a slash [default is **annot/annot**]. Choose
        **axis** if you need to align multiple axes labels across many rows or columns.
```

    **MAP_LABEL_OFFSET**
        Distance from base of axis annotations to the top of the axis label
        [default is :doc:`theme dependent <theme-settings>`]. Choose **auto**

>         for :ref:`automatic scaling with plot size <auto-scaling>`. **Note**:
>         If a negative offset is given then it is interpreted as the absolute
>         offset from the axis to the base of the label; this is useful when
>         wishing to align several y-axis labels in stacked plots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        for :ref:`automatic scaling with plot size <auto-scaling>`. To
        set different offsets for the *x* and *y* axes, separate distances
        by a slash (e.g., **8p/12p** for 8p offset for the x-axis and 12p
        offset for the y-axis)
```
